README.md, before:

# upc
 A Universal Polygon Calculator for polygonal paper models

These are specific notes for running the upc application, which reads an svg file created by Inkscape containing paths describing a multi-sided polygonal figure.

I. Setting up the environment

    A. Install Python 3

        1. Download it from https://www.python.org/ (not the Windows store)

        2. Launch the executable (defaults are okay, but choose the option to modify the PATH variable).

    B.  Install needed libraries

        1. svgpathtools (ref: https://github.com/mathandy/svgpathtools)

            a. Prerequisites for latest release (13.3 at the time of this writing)

                i.  pip install numpy

                ii. pip install svgwrite

            b. pip install svgpathtools

II. Issues

    A.  Inkscape compatibility

        1.  The application was developed for an upcoming 1.0 version of Inkscape, which is in beta at the time of this writing. Unlike the previous versions, this one places the origin in the upper-left. The application doesn't support a lower-left origin.

        2.  The application doesn't handle grouped paths, so they need to be ungrouped in the input file first.
        
        3.  The input file has to be saved as a plain svg file and not an Inkscape svg format.
        
        4. This program currently supports only units of inches. The input document's properties for Inkscape need to be:

            a.  Display units: inches
            b.  Custom size: 11.5 x 11.5 inches
            c.  ViewBox: 0 0 11.5 11.5 (which gives a scale of 1)

        To make the output document compatible with Cricut, the properties for Inkscape will be set to:
        
            a.  Display units: inches
            b.  Custom size: 11.5 x 11.5 inches
            c.  ViewBox: 0 0 828.0 828.0 (which gives a scale of 72)

    B. Running the program
    
        1.  Double click on the file. Since it has a pyw extension, it will not bring up a console window. If you need a console window, change the extension to py.

Commit message:

Complete rewrite
Input file doesn't need to be a scale of 1.0 anymore. Tab function now handles intersecting lines. README.md reflects the changes.

README.md, after:

# upc
 A Universal Polygon Calculator for polygonal paper models

These are specific notes for running the upc application, which reads an svg file created by Inkscape containing paths describing a multi-sided polygonal figure.

I. Setting up the environment

    A. Install Python 3

        1. Download it from https://www.python.org/ (not the Windows store)

        2. Launch the executable (defaults are okay, but choose the option to modify the PATH variable).

    B.  Install needed libraries

        1. svgpathtools (ref: https://github.com/mathandy/svgpathtools)

            a. Prerequisites for latest release (13.3 at the time of this writing)

                i.  pip install numpy

                ii. pip install svgwrite

            b. pip install svgpathtools

II. Issues

    A.  Inkscape compatibility

        1.  The application was developed for an upcoming 1.0 version of Inkscape, which is in beta at the time of this writing. Unlike the previous versions, this one places the origin in the upper-left. The application doesn't support a lower-left origin.

        2.  The application doesn't handle grouped paths, so they need to be ungrouped in the input file first.
        
        3.  The input file has to be saved as a plain svg file (not Inkscape svg format).
        
        4. This program currently supports only units of inches. The input document's properties for Inkscape (width, height, viewbox) aren't critical, but keep the X and Y scales equal.

        To make the output file compatible with Cricut, the document properties for Inkscape will be set to:
        
            a.  Display units: inches
            b.  Custom size: 11.5 x 11.5 inches
            c.  ViewBox: 0 0 828.0 828.0 (which gives a scale of 72)

    B. Running the program
    
        1.  Double click on the file. Since it has a pyw extension, it will not bring up a console window. If you need a console window, change the extension to py.
